Okay. Where, how far did we get on the food topic?
do you...
Sashimi. What sashimi do you like the most?
Tuna.
Yeah.
Their san....
When you go to a sushi place what's the first thing you
order. Salmon?
You like salmon the most, too?
How about you?
Oh...
Yeah.
Oh, nice.
It's like quiet definitely. Yeah.
Which fried chick.... is there...
Oh, where they... with the sesame thing.
Yeah.... Yeah....
Deep fry it and then they put it in the sauce.
Yeah. They marinate it after frying, right? Yeah.
Okay...
Yeah.
When did you? When, when did you go to Korea, Makito?
Oh, last year. Okay. And Hannah, when did you go?
Okay. How long were you there?
Five weeks? Oh wow.
From June? The whole month of June? Oh, nice.
So you really have a lot of Korean food then?
Yeah.
The chee...
Oh, I'm not a huge fan of cheese.
But they do have like deep fried cheese.
Yeah, they take a stick of cheese and then they eat it.
Yeah.
The corn dogs, right? The Korean corn dogs.
That was a little too much for me. I- I like mine simple.
Like the... in America, just...
Cornbread and meat. Have you had it?
Have you seen Korean uh, corndogs before?
Oh yes. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah... Yeah...
Yeah
You know actually
that foodie you know like right now Japan has been kind of like a foodie
nation. But I think that
culture really started with um...
About the time the Iron Chef TV show came out.
internet and then like that whole concept of celebrity chef.
It became big and then like Japan really got into that.
food culture and at the same time the anime came out.
Like Oishinbo or
like cliché or something about food related
And then just like, that food culture just...
blew up in Japan but I'm...
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah the... Yeah.
mmh
Yeah.